This is the general breakdown of the don't procrasinate app.
Procrasinot


This application is going to be an app that will have:
4? sections:
    1. section will be a Timer that shows the time left
            will include control rights for user over timer (pause/unpause/cancel)
    2. section will have an add timer button:
         when pressed:
            bring up a popup that will have a couple diffferent kinds timers
    3. section will have a history of the timers and if the timers were succedul or not so that users can see
        their progress. (during one sitting or have users login for total timers)


    ADD NEW TIMER:
        1.have title "ADD NEW TIMER"
        2. short "des" for some of the timers or "Create your own personalized timer"

    TIMER Popup:
        1. create OBJECT that stores (timer : name: "name", description: "des", time: "2:00")
        2. create METHOD that allows user to create personalized timer.object and add it to the library.
        3. Create OBJECT2 that stores (tunes: name, src for tune)
        3. create a popup that will display in 34 parts: 
            1. timer.name 
            2. description 
            3. time 
            4. toggle button for list that displays tunes.name and plays the tune when pressed,
            allow user to pick 2 (one for completeion and one for failure) and save it into a tune.variable

    TIME section:
        1. have the timer counting down continously
        2. create a pause/unpause button
        3. create a cancel button
        4. once timer runs out create a popup
            1. popup will ask "Were you productive in this session?" with yes/no buttons with values
            2. if "yes" play "completion tune.variable" : play "failure tune.variable"
            3. Add this history to the history section.

    HISTORY SECTION:
        1. create two part.
        2. First part would be fir the title
        3. second part includes history of timers used
        4. each element in history will be a rectangle with the name displayed and an icon at the end 
            either a completeion icon or failure icon. Once pressed:
                show the written description of timer and write failure/completed next to icon

NEXT ON TODO LIST:
5. IMPORTANT IMPORTANT
    change <TimerCountDown /> to take the times from the object in the id="timer" div section and use that values
6. IMPORTANT IMPORTANT
    make a popup in <TimerCountDown/> so that when timer = 0, popup that asks if failure(false) or complete(true) and save it.

FUTURE THINGS:
    find how to make the timer use the array of values from the objects so that it does the study, rest, and repeat times
